README.md, before:

# dirtyZero
**A simple customization toolbox, utilizing [CVE-2025-24203](https://project-zero.issues.chromium.org/issues/391518636)**

[Download](https://github.com/jailbreakdotparty/dirtyZero/releases) • [Join our Discord!](https://discord.gg/XPj66zZ4gT)

# Disclaimer
All file modifications are done in memory. If something goes wrong or you want to revert the tweaks, just force reboot your phone.

# Support Table
| iOS Version | Support Status |
| -------- | ------- |
| iOS 16.0 - iOS 16.7.10  | Supported |
| iOS 17.0 - iOS 17.7.5 | Supported |
| iOS 17.7.6+ | Not Supported |
| iOS 18.0 - iOS 18.3.2 | Supported |
| iOS 18.4+ | Not Supported |

# How can I respring after I apply the changes?
Unfortunately, there isn't an easy way to do this yet. Here are two methods:

**Method 1: Display & Text Size**
1. Before applying the tweaks, go into Settings > Display & Brightness > Display Zoom
2. Pick the option that's opposite of the one you're currently using.
3. After, apply the tweaks.
4. Go back into Settings > Display & Brightness > Display Zoom
5. Pick the option that's opposite of the one you're currently using.

**Method 2: Language & Region**
1. Apply the tweaks.
2. Go into Settings > General > Language & Region
3. Click "Add language..."
4. Choose any language.
5. A popup will appear asking you to change your primary language. **Please select the language that you were using before.**


# Credits
- [Skadz](https://github.com/skadz108) for making this app.
- Ian Beer of Google Project Zero for discovering and publishing the exploit.

Commit message:

update README for new respring method

README.md, after:

# dirtyZero
**A simple customization toolbox, utilizing [CVE-2025-24203](https://project-zero.issues.chromium.org/issues/391518636)**

[Download](https://github.com/jailbreakdotparty/dirtyZero/releases) • [Join our Discord!](https://discord.gg/XPj66zZ4gT)

# Disclaimer
All file modifications are done in memory. If something goes wrong or you want to revert the tweaks, just force reboot your phone.

# Support Table
| iOS Version | Support Status |
| -------- | ------- |
| iOS 16.0 - iOS 16.7.10  | Supported |
| iOS 17.0 - iOS 17.7.5 | Supported |
| iOS 17.7.6+ | Not Supported |
| iOS 18.0 - iOS 18.3.2 | Supported |
| iOS 18.4+ | Not Supported |

# How can I respring after I apply the changes?
There are 2 methods to manually respring your device. Method 1 is the most reliable, use it if you can.

**Method 1: Use fancy respring app**
1. Install [respringapp.ipa](https://github.com/jailbreakdotparty/dirtyZero/releases/download/respringapp/respringapp.ipa).
2. Try to open the app from the Home Screen.
3. You should get an instant respring 🔥.

*This method brought to you by [`@nyaathea`](https://x.com/nyaathea). Due to the nature of the method, it is not possible to integrate this directly into the dirtyZero app, hence the seperate IPA.*

**Method 2: Display & Text Size**
1. Before applying the tweaks, go into Settings > Display & Brightness > Display Zoom
2. Pick the option that's opposite of the one you're currently using.
3. After, apply the tweaks.
4. Go back into Settings > Display & Brightness > Display Zoom
5. Pick the option that's opposite of the one you're currently using.


# Credits
- [Skadz](https://github.com/skadz108) for making this app.
- [lunginspector](https://github.com/lunginspector) for the UI and numerous tweaks.
- Ian Beer of Google Project Zero for discovering and publishing the exploit.
